This typology if PC one sends a broadcast way will it go see that switch one and switch to not configured
with any lines except the default villans and draw that to is configured with subnetwork 10 1 1 0 on
gigabit 0 0 and subnet 10 1 2 0 on gigabit 0 1.
In other words the router has an IP address such as the following configured on gigabit 0 00 and an
IP address of the following configured on gigabit to zero.
One way will traffic go if PC one sends a broadcast what do you think Austine order is a great little
application that allows us to generate network traffic.
So before I configure the PC to for traffic what I'll do is configure the router with an IP address
on each interface no configuration has been done on the switches.
So where will traffic go.
If PC one sends a broadcast so show IP interface brief on the router shows us that both interfaces are
up.
Apart from that I've done no configuration has the console for PC one small startup Austrian ATA and
on the East End Interface I'm going to generate traffic.
Now I need to use Ethan at 1 rather than Ethan at 0 on these Austrian audit devices.
So Rick cable the network
the principal however is the same.
All I'm doing is flipping the interface number on the Austrian order devices.
But waybill traffic go.
So I'll start a new stream generation
and I'll configure the PC to generate IP version for traffic that UDP traffic.
I'll configure the MAC address as old ones in other words it's a broadcast frame for the provision for
destination set it to broadcast as well.
So destination MAC addresses old ones.
In other words a broadcast so I provision for destination is a broadcast.
So what all fusee do sort of capture between the switch and the router and I'll also do it on the side
and then all Kaptchuk traffic between the switch on the left and Asciano the PC to as well as three
and four
what I'll do in this case is send a thousand frames at one frame per second.
Click Apply and start sending frames on the Ethan that wanting to face the frames being sent have increased.
We've had about 10 frames S. now.
So on the link between the switch and the broader.
So this is between I was late to switch gigabit to 0 0 and the router on gigabit is 0 0.
We are seeing that to broadcast traffic what about on the Slinky's.
So this is traffic between the router and switch to notice we don't see any UDP traffic.
The broadcast traffic is not being received on this link.
What about this link.
So this is the link between I was VLA a one gigabit port 02 to Asciano or device to filter for UDP traffic.
You can see the broadcast traffic being sent on that port so IP address and laya to address so broad
cross traffic is being sent here.
What about on this link.
So this is the link between Ioway switch to Gigabit 0 1 and Austrian Auda 3.
No broadcast traffic has received that.
And what a box which to Gigabit to 0 2 to ostinato device for no UDP traffic is received there.
We are receiving it between the switch and the router and we are receiving it between the switch and
the second ostinato device.
So in other words a broadcast sent by this device is going to be flooded out of all ports on Alade to
switch except the port in which it arrived.
But a router will block port Costa frames.
Modern routers by default do not forward broadcast frames.
So this topology we have what is called to broadcast domains.
The broader is blocking broadcasts on the link so broadcasts are not forwarded.
Now what happens if we put the PC into separate LAN abune joy to this video if it's been of benefit
to you please like it and please subscribe to my YouTube channel.
I wish you all the very best.